{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs24\lang9                                                       Assignment-14\par
                                        Test Case Creation &Management\par
\par
\b0 1) Write short notes on Test and Test Suite. \par
Ans: \b Test - \b0 The term refers to the software testing. It is a method to check weather the software gives an output as per user demand, if not then raise a report of defect.\par
Thus it is the most important role to give the quality product. Hence QA improves the quality at the time of developing and QE improves the quality at the time of testing.\par
Thus testing is important to make bug free product or an application and suply the quality.\b\par
Test Suite - \b0 It is the collection of test cases which helps testers in executing and reporting the test execution status. \par
A Test case can be added to multiple test suites and test plans. After creating a test plan, test suites are created which in turn can have any number of tests.\par
Test suites are created based on the cycle or based on the scope. It can contain any type of tests, like - functional or Non-Functional.\par
\par
2) Define Test Bed. \par
Ans: An environment for testing a software solution, is termed as 'Test Bed'. Test bed is a term used as a reference to the 'software test execution environment'.\par
Test bed or environment is an environment or a platform where the correct blend of components - operating system, servers, database, network configurations, browser installation and so on are put to use in order to verify the accuracy of a product being tested.\par
Be it automation or manual testing, configuring the required components is an essential factor to efficiently test an application under test, by incorporating correct blend of features.\par
\par
3) Differentiate between testing and debugging. \par
Ans: \b Testing - \b0 Testing is a process to check if the application is working same as it was supposed to do, and not working as it was not supposed to do.\par
The main objective of Testing is to find bugs and errors in an application which get missed during the unit testing by the developer.\par
As Testing is mainly to find out the errors and bugs is mainly performed by the testers. Also if testing is at developer end known as unit testing then it is performed by the Developer.\par
\par
\b Debugging - \b0 It is the activity performed by developers to fix the bug found in the system.\par
The main objective of Debugging is to find the exact root cause at code level to fix the errors and bugs found during the testing.\par
Debugging is to find the missing or de-faulty code in an application hence major performed by the developers only.\par
\par
4) List the members of the critical groups in a testing process.\par
Ans: QA Leader.\par
Test Lead.\par
Test Engineer. \par
Network Test Engineer. \par
Tester.\par
\par
5) Define Test Case. \par
Ans: Test case is a conditions used by tester to check the quality of the product.\par
Test cases are used to check the defects.\par
Tester makes the test cases to check the bug and raise the report.\par
Test cases are performed  by QE to enhance the quality of product.\par
Test case gives detailed information about testing strategy, testing process, preconditions, and expected output. These are executed during the testing process to check whether the software application is performing the task for that it was developed or not.\par
\par
6) Draw the tester\rquote s view of black box and white box testing. \par
Ans: \b Black box testing : \b0 It is a way of software testing in which the internal structure or the program or the code is hidden and nothing is known about it.\par
Implementation of code is not needed for black box testing.\par
It is mostly done by software testers.\par
It is a functional test of the software.\par
No knowledge of programming is required.\par
It is also called closed testing.\par
\b\par
White box testing : \b0 It is a way of testing the software in which the tester has knowledge about the internal structure or the code or the program of the software.\par
Code implementation is necessary for white box testing.\par
It is mostly done by software developers.\par
It is a structural test of the software.\par
It is mandatory to have knowledge of programming.\par
It is also called as clear box testing or transparent.\par
\par
7) Define Error Guessing. \par
Ans: Error guessing is an art rather than technique.\par
Testing through common sense.\par
It is an art developed by practising more.\par
Error guessing is a technique in which there is no specific method for identifying the error. It is based on the experience of the test analyst, where the tester uses the experience to guess the problematic areas of the software. It is a type of black box testing technique which does not have any defined structure to find the error.\par
\par
8) List the work of test planner. \par
Ans: Product Analysis. \par
Designing Test Strategy. \par
Defining Objectives. \par
Establish Test Criteria. \par
Planning Resource Allocation. \par
Planning Setup of Test Environment. \par
Determining Test Schedule and Estimation. \par
Establish Test Deliverables.\par
\par
9) List the different types of system testing. \par
Ans: System Testing is a type of software testing that is performed on a complete integrated system to evaluate the compliance of the system with the corresponding requirements. In system testing, integration testing passed components are taken as input. The goal of integration testing is to detect any irregularity between the units that are integrated together. System testing detects defects within both the integrated units and the whole system.\par
\b Performance Testing:\b0  Performance Testing is a type of software testing that is carried out to test the speed, scalability, stability and reliability of the software product or application.\par
\b Load Testing: \b0 Load Testing is a type of software Testing which is carried out to determine the behavior of a system or software product under extreme load.\par
\b Stress Testing: \b0 Stress Testing is a type of software testing performed to check the robustness of the system under the varying loads.\par
\b Scalability Testing: \b0 Scalability Testing is a type of software testing which is carried out to check the performance of a software application or system in terms of its capability to scale up or scale down the number of user request load.\par
\par
10) What are the two major requirements in the Performance testing. \par
Ans: Performance Testing is a type of software testing that ensures software applications to perform properly under their expected workload. It is a testing technique carried out to determine system performance in terms of sensitivity, reactivity and stability under a particular workload. \par
Clarify performance goals\par
Create meaningful test cases\par
\par
11) List the Test plan components. \par
Ans: Objective\par
Scope\par
Test methodolgy\par
Action\par
Excepted area\par
Entry and exit criteria\par
\par
12) Define Test Log. \par
Ans: The Test Log contains detailed information on all the executed tests, including all the script routines, keyword tests, low-level procedures, and so on. It contains the results of test operations in each test. It can also include images of the tested applications, links to files, and other entries.\par
\par
13) Write the test term hierarchy ? \par
Ans: A ruling body of clergy organized into orders or ranks each subordinate to the one above it\par
\par
14) Define Review. \par
Ans: The process of going over a subject again in study or recitation in order to fix it in the memory or summarize the facts.\par
\par
15) What is Inspections ? \par
Ans: An inspection involves checking something, i.e., examining and assessing something. We may inspect a building or organization to make sure that it meets specific standards. \par
\par
16) What is \ldblquote use case testing\rdblquote  ?\par
Ans: Use case testing is a type of black box testing that helps in identifying test cases that cover the entire system transaction-by-transaction from start to finish.\par
\par
17) Write test cases on dot (.)\par
Ans: To check whether the dot is clearly visible.\par
To check for the colour of the dot.\par
To check whether the size of the dot is large or small.\par
To check the shape of the dot.\par
\par
18) Write use of pen except writing\par
Ans: Pressing tiny little reset buttons.\par
As a pointer when you are giving presentation.\par
To scratch your back.\par
As a book mark.\par
To open or tear a plastic package.\par
To put a hole using the tip of the pen in the paper.\par
\par
19) If you found a defect in QA ,but dev is not able to reproduce it. What yo will do ?\par
Ans: If bug was not reproducible then next step : If the issue is not able to reproduce in dev environment then try it in testing environment, if it's still not able to reproduce in test environment then try to show the screen shot as issue is there while doing our testing. This will naturally happens when there is conflict in the versions, or if some one upload the new version files with out following the process.\par
\par
20) Design test cases for the given Login Page.\par
Ans:\par
1. To check whether the Employee Login page is visible or not.\par
2. To check the visibility of the elements of the login page- Username, Password, Login button, Forgot Password button.\par
3. To check the functionality of Username field.\par
4. To check the functionality of Password field.\par
5. To check the functionality of Login button.\par
6. To check the functionality of Forgot Password button.\par
7. To check the Password in encrypted.\par
8. To check the visibility of logo on login page at the top left of the page.\par
9. To check the visibility of an image on login page at the right side of the page.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 