{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs22\lang9                                                                       Assignment 11\par
                                                  Introduction to Software Testing &QA\par
\b0 1. What is Quality?\par
Ans: The word quality here defines about the product, The product developed by developers as per the customers need and demand. \par
The term quality is used to measure and improves the functional working of the product during the development process. \par
Hence QE are assigned to keep performance upto mark and satisfy the users need.\par
\par
2. Difference between Error, Bug and Defect. \par
Ans: \ul Error \ulnone - It is a mistake made in the code by developer, thats why we cant execute the code.\par
- The developers and automation test engineers raise the error.\par
- Types of errors : Syntax error, Arrithmetic error, Calculation error, etc\par
\ul Bug \ulnone - If software or application is not working as per requirement, Missing code, Wrong code are comes under bugs. \par
- Testing engineers raise the bug.\par
- Types of bugs : Logic bugs, Algorithmic bugs, Resource bugs.\par
\ul Defect \ulnone - It is the difference between the actual outcomes and expected outcomes.\par
- Testers are assigned to identify the defect. It can be detect at developer end also.\par
- Types of defects :- Based on Priority : High, Medium, Low\par
                                     Based on severity : Critical, Major, Minor, Trivial\par
\par
3. Difference between the QA and software testing. \par
QA - Developing in quality\par
- Ensures that software being developed meets the desired goals of customers.\par
- To reduce the cost of development and maintenance.\par
- Improves overall quality of product.\par
- Improves customer satisfaction.\par
Software Testing - \par
- It is a process of executing a problem with the intent of finding error.\par
- Testing a feature with varying test data to get a result and then compairing the actual and   expected result.\par
- It is not only about finding the defects or bugs but also complete evaluation of the quality of software.\par
- The Pareto principle applies to testing.\par
\par
4. What is verification, Explain with Real Life Example.\par
Ans: The term refers to - Are we doing the job right ?\par
It is the process of checking that a software achieves its goals without any bugs. The product developed is right or not. It verifies the developed product fulfills the requirements that we have.\par
Real life exaple : Design reviews, Unit testing.\par
\par
5. Why QA (Quality Assurance) is called Process oriented?\par
Ans: QA is called process oriented because multiple modules are checked for quality assurance.\par
- QA team is involved in all stages of a products development like production, testing, packaging, and delivery.\par
- It is a process oriented and focuses on defect prevention.\par
\par
6. Define SDLC and its different phases. \par
Ans: Software Development Life Cycle\par
It is a process defines the multiple level of development of software or an application.\par
Multiple levels are as plan, design, develop, test, deploy, and maintain software applications.\par
It is the most important concept used by companies for development.\par
The different phases are :\par
1. Requirement - Gathering information about the software requirements from customers.\par
2. Design - Design of software created. It has 2 steps HLD and LLD.\par
3. Implementation - Development phase when codes are implemented.\par
4. Testing - Tested to ensure that it meets the requirements and works correctly.\par
5. Deployment - After successful testing, software is deployed to a production environment.\par
6. Maintenance - This phase includes the overall functioning of software weather it is working as per requirements or not, bug fixes.\par
\par
7. What are the different types of software development models. Discuss any two in detail.\par
Ans: The different types of software development models are:\par
Waterfall Model\par
Iterative Model\par
Spiral Model\par
V-Model\par
Big Bang Model\par
Agile Model\par
 RAD Model (Rapid Application Development) \par
Prototyping Models\par
\ul Waterfall Model :\par
\ulnone The waterfall is a universally accepted SDLC model. In this method, the whole process of software development is divided into various phases.\par
The waterfall model is a continuous software development model in which development is seen as flowing steadily downwards (like a waterfall) through the steps of requirements analysis, design, implementation, testing (validation), integration, and maintenance.\par
Linear ordering of activities has some significant consequences. First, to identify the end of a phase and the beginning of the next, some certification techniques have to be employed at the end of each step. Some verification and validation usually do this mean that will ensure that the output of the stage is consistent with its input (which is the output of the previous step), and that the output of the stage is consistent with the overall requirements of the system.\par
\ul Iterative Model :\par
\ulnone It is a particular implementation of a software development life cycle that focuses on an initial, simplified implementation, which then progressively gains more complexity and a broader feature set until the final system is complete. In short, iterative development is a way of breaking down the software development of a large application into smaller pieces.\par
\par
8. Why QA is required and its Benefits? \par
Ans: Quality Assurance is required to ensure that software being developed meets the desired goals of customer.\par
To ensure that software or application does what it is supposed to do.\par
To demonstrate that there are no errors, bugs, defects in the software.\par
To reduce the cost of development and maintenance.\par
When good QA is implemented there are improvement in usability and performance and lesser rate of defects.\par
Benefits of QA :\par
Reduce cost of development.\par
Reduce cost of maintenance.\par
Improves the overall quality of products.\par
Timely completion of project.\par
\par
9. Define: FRS,SRS,BRS.\par
Ans:  These all are defined as follows:\par
FRS - "Functional Requirement Specification" \par
It defines the functions performed in the software as per clients need.\par
It elaborates the functions to the user.\par
Helps user to understand interactions of software and its behavior.\par
It helps designing testing parameters for software.\par
\par
SRS - "Software Requirement Specification"\par
The Business Analyst will collect the customer requirement specifications (CRS) from the client and translate them into software requirement specification (SRS).\par
The SRS contains how the software should be developed as given by the Business Analyst.\par
\par
BRS - "Business Requirement Specification"\par
Here the Business Analyst interacts with the clients or customers and collect the data and share to development team to create the software as per need.\par
The client describes how their business works or the software they need.\par
\par
10. What are functional requirements & non-functional requirements.\par
Ans: Both are discussed here under:\par
\ul Functional requirements - \ulnone\par
It defines a system or its component.\par
It specifies \ldblquote What should the software system do ? \rdblquote\par
Functional requirement is specified by User.\par
It is mandatory.\par
Defined at a component level.\par
Helps us to verify the functionality of the software.\par
Functional Testing like System, Integration, End to End, API testing, etc are done.\par
\par
\ul Non-functional requirements - \par
\ulnone It defines the quality attribute of a software system.\par
It places constraints on \ldblquote How should the software system fulfill the functional requirements ? \rdblquote\par
Non-functional requirement is specified by technical peoples e.g. Architect, Technical leaders and software developers.\par
It is not mandatory.\par
Applied to a system as a whole.\par
Helps us to verify the performance of the software.\par
Non-Functional Testing like Performance, Stress, Usability, Security testing, etc are done.\par
\par
11. Define Manual Vs Automated testing ?\par
Ans: \par
\ul Manual Testing :\par
\ulnone The test cases are executed by humans and software.\par
It is time-consuming.\par
It uses the human resources.\par
Exploratory testing can be done using manual testing.\par
The initial investment is less in comparison to automation testing.\par
The return on investment is lower in comparison to automation testing.\par
It is not accurate because it may cause human errors.\par
The manual tests are recorded in Excel or Word document.\par
There is no need to have programming knowledge.\par
\par
\ul Automated testing :\par
\ulnone It uses automation tools to execute the test cases.\par
It is fast in comparison to a manual approach.\par
It doesn\rquote t allow random testing to be performed.\par
The initial investment is high.\par
The return on investment is better in the long run.\par
It is reliable.\par
It is expensive.\par
All the team members can login to the automation system and check the results of execution.\par
Programming knowledge is required in automation testing.\par
\par
12. List as many differences as you can between white box testing and black box testing ?\par
Ans: \par
\ul White box testing :\par
\ulnone It is refered as open box testing as visible or called transparent.\par
We are going to test with complete knowledge of internal application.\par
It is mandatory to have knowledge of programming.\par
We can detect and correct the defects.\par
It is mostly done by software developers.\par
It is the internal software testing.\par
It is a structural test of the software.\par
It is the logic testing of the software.\par
\ul\par
Black box testing :\par
\ulnone It is not visible.\par
We have to test without having the knowledge of coding or programming. \par
It is mostly done by software testers.\par
It can be referred as external software testing.\par
It is a functional test of the software.\par
It is the behavior testing of the software.\par
\par
13. After which phase of SDLC we can perform System Integration testing ?\par
Ans: After the phase of Component Testing.\par
\par
14. What is difference between QA and QC?\par
Ans: \par
\ul QA \ulnone - Quality Assurance.\par
- Process Oriented.\par
- Building in quality hence preventing defects.\par
- QA for entire life cycle of the product.\par
\par
\ul QC\ulnone  - Quality Control.\par
- Product Oriented.\par
- Focuses on product testing for quality, hence detecting defects.\par
- QC is for testing part of SDLC.\par
\par
15. Differentiate between project and the product.\par
Ans: \par
\ul Project\ulnone  - Also known as a software project comprises the steps involved in making a product before it is actually available to the market. The project can be handled by people which are as less as one person to the involvement of a lot of people (over 100). These are usually assigned by an enterprise and are undertaken to form a new product that has not already been made. \par
\par
\ul Product\ulnone  - The study of products is a part of Software engineering. The software is built by developers on requests from the customer. After the customer is satisfied with the development process, he launches the software by manufacturing it. This can be a problem-solving software or computer based system. This is the result of a project. The software project, when completed, is called a product after it is available to the market for usage.\par
\par
16. What is V model? Explain.\par
Ans: V-model is an SDLC model where execution of processes happens in a sequential manner in a V-shape. It is also known as Verification and Validation model.\par
The V-Model is an extension of the waterfall model and is based on the association of a testing phase for each corresponding development stage. This means that for every single phase in the development cycle, there is a directly associated testing phase. This is a highly-disciplined model and the next phase starts only after completion of the previous phase.\par
\par
17. Differentiate between Dynamic and Static testing.\par
Ans: \par
\ul Static Testing - \ulnone  \par
It is a type of a Software Testing method which is performed to check the defects in software without actually executing the code of the software application.\par
It is performed in early stage of development to avoid errors as it is easier to find sources of failures and it can be fixed easily. The errors that can\rquote t not be found using Dynamic Testing, can be easily found by Static Testing.\par
\par
\ul Dynamic Testing -\par
\ulnone It is a type of Software Testing which is performed to analyze the dynamic behavior of the code. It includes the testing of the software for the input values and output values that are analyzed.\par
\par
18. Explain Testing Fundamentals.\par
Ans: All tests should be traceable to customer requirement.\par
Tests should be planned long before testing begins.\par
The Pareto principle applies to testing.\par
Testing should begin "in small" and progress towards testing "in large".\par
\par
19. What are Advantages of incremental model?\par
Ans:\par
ADVANTAGES OF INCREMENTAL MODEL:\par
Generates working software quickly and early during the software life cycle.\par
This model is more flexible \f1\endash  less costly to change scope and requirements.\par
It is easier to test and debug during a smaller iteration.\par
In this model customer can respond to each built.\par
Lowers initial delivery cost.\f0\par
\par
20. Mention the advantages and Disadvantage of waterfall Model.\par
Ans:\par
\ul\b ADVANTAGES OF WATER FALL MODEL:\ulnone\b0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Before the next phase of development, each phase must be completed.\par
Suited for smaller projects where requirements are well defined\par
They should perform quality assurance test (Verification and Validation) before completing each stage\par
Elaborate documentation is done at every phase of the software\rquote s development cycle.\par
\ul\b DISADVANTAGES OF WATER FALL MODEL:\ulnone\b0\par
Error can be fixed only during the phase\par
It is not desirable for complex project where requirement changes frequently\par
Testing period comes quite late in the developmental process\par
Documentation occupies a lot of time of developers and testers\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 21. Write any two characteristics of software as a product. \par
Ans: Two characteristics of software as a product are:\par
USER FRIENDLY,RELIABLE\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 